README.md, before:

AndSimpleNote
====================================

### Inspiration
I saw a lot of complaints on GooglePlay about the evernote app being "bloatware" for android. For people who 
just wanted a simple note taking application, the app was "too overcomplicated and convoluted".
I decided, since I needed a final project anyway, that I'd take a stab at making a simpler 
note app that still integrated with evernote services.

### Bug reporting and Feature proposals
I want to make this app well, but I'm only human. I'll make mistakes and I'll need your help in reporting them. 
Post them under [the issues page](https://github.com/wspurgin/AndSimpleNote/issues).
In addition, I want to make this app what everybody actually wants from a simple notes application. As such, 
if you have a feature you would like or features you don't like (whether from this apps or from others), 
feel free to post them on [the issues page](https://github.com/wspurgin/AndSimpleNote/issues) as well!

I'll update this README as development continues. Thanks for any and all support!

Cheers,
-Will
:octocat:

Commit message:

Updated the README for v0.0.1-alpha

README.md, after:

AndSimpleNote
====================================

### Inspiration
I saw a lot of complaints on GooglePlay about the evernote app being "bloatware" for android. For people who 
just wanted a simple note taking application, the app was "too overcomplicated and convoluted".
I decided, since I needed a final project anyway, that I'd take a stab at making a simpler 
note app that still integrated with evernote services.

### Bug reporting and Feature proposals
I want to make this app well, but I'm only human. I'll make mistakes and I'll need your help in reporting them. 
Post them under [the issues page](https://github.com/wspurgin/AndSimpleNote/issues).
In addition, I want to make this app what everybody actually wants from a simple notes application. As such, 
if you have a feature you would like or features you don't like (whether from this apps or from others), 
feel free to post them on [the issues page](https://github.com/wspurgin/AndSimpleNote/issues) as well!

Currently, the [Alpha](https://github.com/wspurgin/AndSimpleNote/releases/tag/v0.0.1-alpha) has been released!
Download the apk and report any bugs to the issues page!

I'll update this README as development continues. Thanks for any and all support!

Cheers,
-Will
:octocat:
